hi guys feed from mix cat reboot IT I
got another laptop in today that also
had a video issue just like those db9
thousand six thousand 2000s that
complete DB line of HP's this is a Dell
of d620 this is a business great Intel
duo processor laptop actually a really
nice laptop they reinforce everything
nice with hardened aluminum the problem
is it also has a video issue where the
actual chip it's a BGA chip and it comes
off the board with heat so this is
another one that's a contender for that
reflow technique we're actually fixing
these here at the shop also under that
flat break the 125 flat rate I wish I
could have shown you the process but I
was kind of tinkerer tinkering around
all this and got it working
we also comprehend this one we put
upgraded thermal compound and that works
great
nice little laptop and with a little bit
of care you can bring it back to life
again that's something we do here at
reboot IT and the next one that I do get
in I'll go ahead and I'll go through the
the fix so you guys can see what goes
into that but almost exactly like that
DV 9000 the video chip on that you just
got to heat it up instead of doing the
torch fix I have an infrared machine now
and I every flow it with that the chip
is too far gone I'll actually pull the
chip off reball it and put a new chip on
there and that's definitely a long-term
fix
alright thanks guys I hope you found
that useful
you